Tau-p programs and utilities -- G. Helffrich/U. Bristol,1991 - 2020.
   Last revised 17 Nov. 2020.

This code is a modification of the original Buland and Kennett code to compute
  tau-p tables for the iasp91 model.  I modified it to do the following things:

1) do automatic configuration;
2) remove Fortran language constructs that prevent it from compiling on the
   GCC Fortran compilers;
3) to write table formats that are self describing (in size) and do not require
   recompilation of previously-built travel time tables if the table storage
   size changes;
4) adds additional phases to the set that is computed in the tables, viz.
   depth phases for ScS and PcP and diffracted phases for PKP branches;
5) adds a subroutine-callable interface to the tables;
6) adds tables for different models (see below);
7) adds more depth phases and optionally more core phases;
8) handles non-Earth planetary models, and models that lack an inner core;
9) queries tau-p tables to return slowness, range and travel time for a specific
   branch;
10) adds man-style documentation for use.

See README for a lengthy description of the changes.

This will build the ttimes program and various useful models:
  iasp91, ak135, ek137, fakeprem, fakeprem20s, sp6, kghj, pemc for Earth, and
  ss97a (Sohl & Spohn, 1997) and r11dw (Rivoldini et al., 2011) for Mars. 

The default model is the last in the list assigned to MODELS in the Makefile.
Currently, it is ak135.  To select alternative models, use, e.g.

   ttimes -model iasp91

where the model name can be any in the previous list.

This version is made from a configure file.  To configure and install:

./configure
make
make install
make clean

This will build a default set of travel time tables for all models.  To build
a smaller set of tables by eliminating the depth phase arrivals for core
reflections and multiple core phases, use the --disable-depth option:

./configure --disable-depth

To enable generation of multiple core bounce phases (PmKP m=3,4 and SmKS
m=3,4,5), configure with --enable-core option:

./configure --enable-core

This can be used in conjunction with --disable-depth.

Default install location for travel time tables and linkable subroutine code
is /usr/local/lib, and for the ttimes program is /usr/local/bin.  See

./configure --help=short

for directions explaining how to change this.  The file tpttsub.o is a
subroutine interface to the tables, which is installed in the library directory.
See the man page for tpttsub for how to call the subroutines.  After install,
it should be available through the man command.  If not, or not yet installed,
after make, try

    nroff -man tpttsub.3

for directions.
